.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii ekiga.1
.\"
.TH Ekiga 1 "January 2015" Linux "Version 5.00"
.SH NAME
Ekiga \- SIP and H.323 Voice over IP and Videoconferencing for UN*X and Windows
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ekiga [-d level] [-c URL]
.\" .B [--disable-sound] [--enable-sound]
.\" .B [--espeaker=HOSTNAME:PORT] [--version] [--usage] [--gdk-debug=FLAGS]
.\" .B [--gdk-no-debug=FLAGS] [--display=DISPLAY] [--sync] [--no-xshm]
.\" .B [--name=NAME] [--class=CLASS] [--gxid_host=HOST] [--gxid_port=PORT]
.\" .B [--xim-preedit=STYLE] [--xim-status=STYLE] [--gtk-debug=FLAGS]
.\" .B [--gtk-no-debug=FLAGS] [--g-fatal-warnings] [--gtk-module=MODULE]
.\" .B [--disable-crash-dialog] [--sm-client-id=ID] [--sm-config-prefix=PREFIX]
.\" .B [--sm-disable]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Ekiga
is a SIP and H.323 VoIP, IP Telephony and Video Conferencing application which complies to the SIP and H.323 protocols.  It can connect to a variety of other SIP and H323 applications including specific hardware.  Ekiga can work with or without a webcam, and is able to create pure audio communications or traditional audio+video communications.  It offers to configure almost every option from within the GUI. Command-line options include 
.B -d
to turn on debugging during calls.
.B -c
to call another URL.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-d level"
turn on debugging (on the console), level should be between 1 and 9.
.IP "-c URL"
Calls the given URL.  Ekiga can be running or not when invoking that option.  SIP, H.323 and CALLTO URLs are supported.
.SH DOCUMENTATION
More documentation is available in the manual available through Ekiga's
Help menu.  There is also a wiki Web site at:
http://wiki.ekiga.org
.SH GETTING HELP
Feel free to join #ekiga on irc.gnome.org (GIMPnet) or the mailing list at:
http://mail.gnome.org/mailman/listinfo/ekiga-list
.SH AUTHOR
Damien Sandras <dsandras at seconix dot com>
.SH OTHER INFO
The webpage for Ekiga is at
http://www.ekiga.org.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2000-2015 Damien Sandras
.br
This is free software licensed under the GPLv2; see the LICENSE file in the source for copying conditions.  There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
